DOCSP-25528 cleanup (#49)
mongodb/docs-csharp: source/usage-examples.txt

   /usage-examples/updateMany
   /usage-examples/replaceOne
   /usage-examples/deleteOne
   /usage-examples/deleteMany

Overview
--------

Usage examples provide convenient starting points for popular MongoDB
operations. Each example provides the following information:

> - Code snippets showing methods to perform the operation synchronously and
>   asynchronously

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A code snippet that shows how to perform the operation in synchronous and asynchronous frameworks
```

> - A fully runnable console application

Reviewer: Issue: the phrasing of this list item doesn't flow well with the introductory text

```suggestion
- A link to a fully runnable console application using the operation
```
